# Curt Stauffer • CIO

Curt Stauffer is Chief Investment Officer for Seven Summits Capital & Redstone Capital Management.

Before forming Seven Summits Capital, LLC in 2012, Curt was a Principal Shareholder and Chief Investment Officer of a boutique wealth management firm with over $180 million of assets under management. From 1997 to 2008, he began his investment career as a Portfolio Manager and equity analyst with Martindale Andres & Company, a Philadelphia area boutique asset manager and mutual fund manager, and later served as Senior Portfolio Manager with M&T Capital Advisors and then PNC Wealth Management.

Curt's primary investment experience has been working with high net worth individuals, as well as non-profit institutions. He has broad investment expertise to include securities research, portfolio management, credit analysis, and investment strategy. Before entering the investment profession, Curt was a commercial banker.  With over thirty years of experience evaluating whether a company is creditworthy or whether a company is an attractive investment, Curt looks at the building and managing of stock and bond portfolios as an exercise in distinguishing between good, exceptional, and poor business enterprises.  Thirty years of seeing businesses as wealth-building enterprises have helped Curt develop a process of assessing intrinsic value and spotting opportunities where market prices deviate significantly from the cash flow derived value of the enterprise.  This fundamentally centered process is designed to build long-term durable wealth for clients, but such a process requires a long-term commitment and the ability to separate the difference between market price and forward-looking value.

Curt's understanding of what attributes are necessary to succeed in business extends to his work with non-profit organizations. He previously served as President of the Central PA Chapter of JDRF (Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation), President of the Manheim Township Educational Foundation, and was a member of the Executive Committee of the Board for the Penn State University Four Diamonds Fund, the childhood cancer foundation, which is the sole benefactor of the annual Penn State THON dance marathon. Curt's leadership involvement with each of these organizations coincided with periods of significant transition, whereby each organization achieved noteworthy milestones that enabled an upward transition in growth and ability to achieve their respective missions.
